- You're sleeping
with a cooperating informant.
You don't just lose your job.
You go to prison.
- They got a huge supply
coming in.
Gloria's it.
She's running
the whole damn show.
- I say we go under.
Kiana is our only option.
Gloria would recognize
the rest of us.
- I think I'm in.
- If we bust her,
she'll use it against us.
She owns me.
- We build a case
that is so airtight,
her leverage won't matter.
We need to protect ourselves
and the unit.
- You know, I knew a cop once.
I got him close.
Do you know
Officer Dante Torres?
- I'm not a cop.
- She's made.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[breathing heavily]
- Where are they?
Dante!
- I don't know.
♪
- We lost eyes on Gloria
and Cook's car.
I repeat, we lost eyes
on Gloria and Cook's car.
- Well, get up
on her COH tracker right now!
♪
- I heard something.
I don't know if it was
a gunshot or a car backfiring.
I don't know.
[both breathing heavily]
[keyboard clacking]
There. She's right there.
Six blocks away.
[engine turns over]
[tires squeal]
- Wait.
Uh, she--she's not moving.
We got Cook's tracker
at Wolcott and 23rd.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
[sighs]
Why--why isn't she moving?
♪
- Oh, we got movement
over here.
- Campos just exited
his vehicle.
He's headed towards the mall.
[camera shutter clicking]
- Wait, he just
dumped his phone.
- Boss, he just
He just went dark.
- Do we have eyes on Cook?
- Negative.
We're two blocks out.
- Sarge, Gloria's phone
just went off too.
Everybody's going dark.
[engine revs]
- [speaking Spanish]
[sighs]
[tires screech]
[breathing heavily]
Wh--where the hell is she?
- I don't know.
- But she should be right here.
- There! There!
We have eyes.
We've got her.
- Are you OK?
- I'm fine.
- I thought I heard a gunshot.
- No, she didn't have a weapon.
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
- What happened?
- Gloria drove over here
looking for a follow.
Then she tossed my phone out
the window, made me get out.
Said she never wants to see me
at the restaurant again.
- Where is she now?
- I don't know.
- She pulled the buy.
Sarge, Gloria forced Cook
out of the car.
We're burned.
- Is it true?
- She probably already
contacted Campos.
- You screwed her?
[somber music]
Your CI?
♪
- Yes.
- You didn't think that
that was important information
I should know
before going undercover?
♪
- It started last year
when I was undercover.
- What started?
- Gloria and I.
I never meant for it to happen.
It just happened.
We were together--
- That's a polite way of saying
you slept with your CI.
- Yes.
I cared about her,
and it was wrong.
I was wrong.
I can--
I can hand you my badge.
- Who else knew?
- No one.
- And what do you think
that's gonna do, save yourself?
Punish yourself?
That won't solve anything.
This is what we're doing now?
- They didn't know
- I knew.
- This deal has been on record.
I mean, the deal we just
terminated is on police record.
A million-dollar up-front deal.
We're talking, what,
a hundred kilos of dope
on record being worked?
There's no version of this
where we just stop working it
because you all lied.
- It's not on them.
- It is!
They know it!
This is on all of us now.
You better hope to God
there's a way to salvage it.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
- I'm sorry.
- [scoffs]
Did you ask her to lie for you?
- No. God.
He didn't ask me
to do anything.
I made a choice--
a choice you would have made
for any one of us, Adam.
- That doesn't make it right.
- I'm not saying--
Kim, you could go to prison.
She could go to prison, Dante.
♪
- All right,
anybody want to make a call
to the Ivory Tower,
now is the time.
- I would understand.
- No?
- OK, tell me what we got.
- Everybody went dark.
Gloria, Campos, Hector,
their phones are off.
That includes everybody
we've ID'd in Mercado.
- OK.
Where are they now?
- UCs confirmed
Gloria is back at her condo.
Hector's at Mercado's.
Campos returned back
to his girlfriend's place.
- Gloria clearly
called off the deal.
Wherever that dope was supposed
to be, we do not have eyes.
Nothing ever showed up
to the mall.
- So we don't have enough
to make any arrests.
All right, keep eyes.
You, with me.
- Voight!
- Sir.
- Congratulations in order?
- Sorry?
- I saw the op
you had posted for today.
A million up-front?
- Fell through.
It's getting sorted.
- OK.
You good, officer?
- Yeah.
Yes. Yes, sir.
- Remind me again. Officer...
- Torres.
- Hey, you need Narcotics
to back you up?
- No, we're good, thank you.
- Let me know.
- Will do.
- Gloria, open the door.
[knocking]
Gloria, open the door!
After Roca was murdered,
the team took the case.
And I recognized
your birthplace, Zibatá,
and I never thought
it'd lead to you.
And it did.
It led to you running a DTO
and--and ordering two murders
and working with the cartel.
- How many people are
listening to us right now?
- I'm not wired.
- So none of you want it
on tape
how you had sex with me?
[somber music]
How you were protecting me
when I killed my husband?
♪
- Look, I know the leverage
you have on me.
- Good.
- I have it on you too.
- No, you don't.
If you did, I'd be in cuffs.
- You will be.
- So mutual destruction?
- Or us protecting each other.
I can offer you a deal.
We want Pedro Campos.
We want that shipment of dope.
And if you're willing to help,
then Voight's willing
to give you a deal.
This isn't you.
I know you. You never--
- No. No!
- You never wanted any--
- No, Eddie.
I don't think we ever really
knew each other at all.
♪
- She won't take the deal.
[sighs]
- She give up anything?
- Um, I don't think she will.
[engine turns over]
I don't know what to do.
[engine shuts off]
- Look at me.
I'm not your father.
I'm not your priest.
I am not going to absolve you.
I care about this case.
My unit.
They don't need a martyr now.
They need a cop
who can fix this.
So put the guilt on hold
and fix it now.
You understand me?
- [breathes deeply]
- Do you understand me?
- Yes.
Yes.
I understand.
[tense music]
♪
[sighs]
Oh, my God.
My God, I'm sorry
for having offended You.
I detest my sins because
of Thy just punishments.
I firmly resolve,
with the help of Thy strength,
to sin no more,
to avoid
the near occasion of sin.
My God.
My God, please allow me
to make this right.
Please allow me
to fix this for everyone.
Please.
♪
- We're briefing.
- I should have told you.
I'm gonna make it right.
[footsteps receding]
- Look, Gloria doesn't want
to play ball with us?
That's OK.
We'll just nail her so hard
to this case,
anything she says
gets dismissed outright
as a criminal
grasping at straws.
- OK. How do we do that?
- We got any movement
on any of them?
- No, no.
They're completely dark.
- Gloria is smart.
She's gonna hide
until the heat burns off.
- Yeah, well,
she can't do that forever.
She can't afford to.
I mean, they got customers.
There's a hundred kilos of dope
waiting out there somewhere.
Hasn't been paid for yet.
- Suppliers are gonna want
their money.
- Exactly.
I mean, Campos' cartel
isn't gonna wait around
for Gloria Perez to feel safe.
They want their money.
They're gonna want it now.
- That area's been
a vacuum before.
- Players out there
are gonna try to take her down,
look for weaknesses.
- That's right.
Yeah, and Gloria's gonna
have to know that, right?
She's gonna have
to make a move at some point.
And when she does,
there's gonna be an in--
a phone someone missed,
an email, GPS coordinate,
new communications,
new burners.
Believe me,
there's gonna be something.
And we are gonna be there
when it pops, you hear me?
All right. Dig in.
♪
- Yeah, I just sent you
the surveillance logs.
- Hey, Charlie,
it's Ruzek again.
Yeah, I need another camera.
No, just the angle is bad.
Yeah.
I got another strikeout.
There's absolutely nothing
in their emails.
- Anything on Hector's GPS?
- GPS?
- Nothing yet.
- It looks like Gloria just
even shut down her Wi-Fi.
She's not gonna move.
- All right,
his car data is strange.
Hector's--his phone interface.
Every time Hector drives,
he connects his phone.
Except six months ago,
a whole nother phone connected.
- Could be another person,
a passenger.
- It's happened a couple times.
- He could have
a second phone, a burner.
- Would he be dumb enough
to use it right now?
- Let's flip it, get a warrant.
- I'll send it to you.
- Records came in?
- Yeah, this idiot's using it.
Couldn't be bothered to buy
a clean burner.
So Hector's regular phone
turned off
15 minutes after
Gloria made us.
Two minutes later,
this old burner turned on.
Doesn't look like he's used it
for calls, but he has for text.
- With who?
- It's hard to say.
IMEIs are
pay-as-you-go burners.
It could be Campos'
or Gloria's new phone.
- Right here.
"Thought I saw a tail.
Being cautious."
That's got to be Gloria, right?
- Yeah, that's the last text
from her.
- So she didn't tell him
the full story
of why she terminated the buy.
- No, she'd want
to protect herself.
Wait, wait.
What's this?
Look.
Her most recent conversation
is with a different burner.
"This bitch. I'm done."
The burner replies...
- "So let's take care of her,
then the masa's ours."
- Masa's definitely the dope.
- "OK, but we gotta
take care of it quick.
It's gotta be today."
Hector's saying
he's gonna kill her.
- Where are
those phones pinging?
- We only have a warrant
on Hector's.
OK, he's a mile
from the restaurant.
He's moving towards it.
- We don't know for sure,
but it sounds like a hit.
It sounds like Hector was upset
she pulled the buy
and is gonna take her out.
- Who was he texting?
- No idea.
It was another burner.
- OK, I'm on my way.
Go in nice and slow, assess.
Get her safe,
but don't blow our cover.
- Copy you.
- That's Gloria's car.
I don't see Hector's.
- His burner's here.
Last ping was
about a block away.
No eyes on Hector,
but his burner is real close.
Last ping was
a block away on Holman.
Kev, you three move there.
Dante and I will move
in discreet.
- Copy you.
[mellow music playing]
♪
- For two?
- Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
Could I get
a cocktail menu first?
I hear your cocktails are
to die for, so...
- Of course.
- Thank you.
[dishes clattering]
- What are you doing here?
- Where's Hector?
- Get out. Get out.
- Have you seen him?
- This is a place of business,
so unless you have a warrant,
get out!
- Hector's burner phone
is nearby.
Is he here?
- No.
- We believe
he's coming here to kill you.
Get up. Come.
- OK, I'm not falling
for that trap.
Just get out of here.
- Did you eat that?
- What?
- The food, the drink.
Did you touch any of it?
Huh?
[gunfire]
[glass shattering]
- Down! Everybody get down!
Get down, get down!
Down, down, down!
I got shots fired coming from
the back of the restaurant.
- 5021 David, 10-1,
shots fired at Mercado del Mar.
- All right, copy. Copy.
We're on our way.
- Unknown offender.
We got an undercover inside.
[suspenseful music]
- There.
- Gun!
[all shouting]
[gunfire]
- 10-1, 10-1.
Shots fired at the police
by the Mercado del Mar
restaurant.
- Copy
- Stay down! Stay down!
- [grunts]
He hid in the backyard!
He hid in the back!
- I'm going for Dante
and Gloria.
Stay on the shooter.
- Copy you,
we're in pursuit right now.
- Westbound on a gangway,
black hoodie, black pants.
- Copy, 5021 Ida.
Will advice responding units.
♪
- Dante?
- We're good.
- Let's go, let's go.
Move, move, move, Gloria!
- Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Come on.
- I've got Dante and Gloria
They're OK.
- Cap, still in pursuit.
- Do we have the shooter?
- Stay low.
- Is it Hector?
- We haven't cleared
these people.
- Did they see him?
Is he here?
- We got to get her
out of here.
♪
I'll cover.
You get her to your car.
Get out.
Go.
Front.
♪
- Move.
Kiana, you got eyes?
- No, I don't see him.
- Let's split.
♪
- Come on.
Move, move, move.
- Clear to move.
Move!
- Get behind me, yeah?
- Go, go, go.
Go.
[gunfire]
- Get down! Get down!
- Torres, get her out of here!
Move!
- Get in, get in, get in!
- Torres, get her out of here!
Get her out of here!
I'm good! Go!
♪
[engine turns over]
[tires screech]
♪
[tires screeching]
- Drop the weapon!
- Detective Burgess,
Intelligence.
I'm gonna show you
my badge, all right?
I haven't been able
to clear the customers
inside the restaurant.
Go inside. Clear everyone.
- Copy.
- You, cover the alley.
I heard shots fired.
Move.
- Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
- What the hell happened?
- We were right.
There were two shooters.
It was a hit on Gloria.
I don't know if there's
anyone here or coming.
- All right, listen, I want you
to take them with you.
Come on!
- Copy, Sergeant.
- Yeah.
Set up a three-block perimeter.
Let's go.
- You two, with me.
- Copy.
- Torres, where are you?
- We're--we're driving.
Make sure you weren't hit.
- Good.
Find a safe spot and lay low.
- Uh, Sarge, I couldn't copy.
Repeat for me?
- We don't have the shooters
in custody.
We don't know
how many there are.
Just lay low.
Find a safe spot
and hold anchor.
- No.
- Yeah.
- Copy you.
- No.
- You're kidding me, right?
- I'm not going
anywhere with you.
- You were almost just killed,
you understand?
- You don't have custody of me.
Take me home.
♪
- You can't keep me here.
- Yeah, I can.
- You have nothing on me.
- Go ahead.
Try to leave.
Where are you gonna go, huh?
I will cuff you to my damn car
if I need to.
Try me.
Give me your phone.
Give me your phone!
- Sarge, perimeter's set.
We're locked down to 35th.
Patrol's checking yard to yard,
but no signs on Hector.
No signs of any other shooter.
- Yeah, it looks like Hector
was trying to take over.
Makes sense he'd keep it quiet,
only tell one guy.
All right,
we ID that accomplice?
- Adrian Ruiz, 22.
We confirmed he's who
Hector was texting with.
His burner was in his pocket.
We're running it now.
- Hey, I got zero on Hector.
He must have got in a vehicle.
- So pull all the cams
in the area.
What about Hector's house?
- I got UC sitting on it
right now and a BOLO out.
- All right, and Campos?
- No movement.
Still bedded down
at his girlfriend's.
- All right, that's good.
He's still dark.
We'll take advantage of it.
Put out a narrative
this is an unrelated domestic,
and find that prick Hector.
- Oh, so you're not
gonna tell me
what they're saying now?
[scoffs]
What is this,
a new police tactic?
- Why are you angry with me?
- You keep me in the dark.
You lie to me.
- Huh?
I am police.
What did you expect?
- What does the text say?
- We don't have Hector
in custody right now,
so we're staying here.
This is when you work with us.
- Oh, is that so?
- Yeah, that's right.
When you start getting shot at,
that's a good time
to throw in the towel.
Give up Campos right now,
and you'll get a deal.
That's all we need, Campos,
and this can all be over.
- Yeah, just to make it
easy for you.
- Easy?
You think this is easy?
You're gonna be
in a box in the ground
or a box in prison
for the rest of your life
if you don't work with us.
[tense music]
♪
- I don't trust you.
- What's going on?
Why am I hearing you're working
an unrelated domestic?
- No, no, we just don't want
to scare our supplier
into running back to Mexico.
- OK.
You don't want the word
on the street,
but I'd like the word.
What is--what's happening?
- Ah, it's an attempted hit.
We got here in time.
Offender's in the wind.
- And the victim,
the potential hit?
- We got her safe.
- In custody at the unit?
- No, not yet.
- You know,
I'm not wasting your time.
If you give me direct answers,
I don't have to keep
asking questions.
It goes faster.
- I got it handled.
- OK.
- Yo, Sarge, we got something.
Look, this is Hector,
two minutes after the shooting.
And that car is registered
under his
dead accomplice's name.
- OK. Track him.
- Copy that.
- I can guarantee you
a lesser sentence,
a better prison,
lessened security.
We can take
the homicide charges down.
- You don't have me
on homicide charges.
You don't have me on anything.
- Gloria!
- You can keep asking.
The answer's no!
- Why?
Why?
- Why would I say yes?
Because you feel guilty?
Because you feel ashamed?
Because your little unit
is mad at you?
- Because you're involved!
You're in bed with the cartel.
You're letting hundreds
of kilos into the city.
None of this is you.
- Yes, it is.
- No, it's not.
- Yes, it is!
It is!
It's me!
- No!
- This--this is me!
This is who I am!
I told you.
I told you who I was.
I told you
how I starved as a kid,
and you focused
on the little girl
with tears in her eyes
and not the one
who stole bread from babies
in order to survive.
I told you
how I saved my family,
and you focused on the saving,
not the girl who married a man
twice her age,
who just let him screw her
and lie to her
as she watched him torture
and sell drugs and kill.
That is who I am.
That is who I am,
who I've always been.
So you?
You don't get to be surprised
that I saw an opportunity
for power and that I took it.
- What are you doing?
- I'm leaving.
You have nothing on me.
- Where are you going?
- You have nothing on me.
- I have every right
to hold you for 48 hours.
- Get off of me!
God!
- Yeah.
- No--
- Yeah. Stop. Stop.
- No! Stop it!
No!
What are you--who are you?
Who are you?
What are you--
[breathing heavily]
God, look at you.
You think
you're one of them now.
- What, police?
Yes, I am one of them.
I've always been one of them.
- No, you weren't,
and you're not now.
You're lost.
We're still the same.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Good.
- Let's go.
♪
- Chicago PD!
- Put your hands up!
- It's my house!
- Hands where I can see 'em!
- What the hell is going on?
- Sit your ass down.
- Put your hands
behind your back!
- Come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on!
- Move! Shut up!
♪
- Stop moving.
[both grunting]
You stay down.
Stop moving!
Calm down. Calm down!
- [breathing heavily]
- Hector Lozano,
you got some talking to do.
♪
- Sarge.
Can you send it to me?
Yes.
OK. Thank you.
- What? What is it?
- Hector's in custody.
- OK, so take the cuffs off me.
- He gave you up.
- No, he didn't.
- He tried to kill you,
and you think
he's gonna be loyal to you?
- No, I just don't think
he's an idiot.
I don't think
he talks to police.
[cuffs jangling]
- No, I told you already,
I don't know.
- Pedro Campos.
You don't know him?
- No. No, see, I--
- How come I got
footage of you
sitting right across from him,
hmm?
- No.
No, see,
I work for Gloria Perez.
I work for that little bitch
who thinks she's invincible,
who bought my goddamn ticket
from Mexico.
I work for her.
- OK.
And who does she work for?
- I don't know any Campos.
I know Gloria. Gloria Perez.
I gave you her name.
Give me a deal.
- I'm guessing
it goes on like that.
[tense music]
He's scared of Campos,
but he's not scared of you.
♪
Take the deal.
Give up Campos,
and you still have a life.
It's the end of the line.
♪
- I encourage you to read the
whole thing before you sign--
- Don't you want
to put me in there?
- No.
- Why am I in here,
because there's no cameras?
Why'd you send Dante upstairs?
- Do you want to read
the details
of your plea, Gloria?
- You hate me, don't you?
You think I corrupted him.
You think I--
I ruined his soul.
- I don't think about you.
- This was the first time
I dealt with Campos directly.
He was only in Chicago
because of the size
of our shipment,
and I've never seen him
exchange drugs for cash before.
So I can't give you him.
Not unless
you make the deal happen.
- She's right.
She doesn't have enough on him
for us to arrest.
- What about Hector?
- That dude, he's happy as hell
to flip on Gloria,
but he's not gonna budge
on Campos.
He's terrified of the guy.
- OK, what are the chances
that Campos is
still in the dark on Hector?
- Good.
We ID'd his burner
through Hector's text.
If it is his phone,
he ain't using it.
- He's smart.
When he goes dark,
he actually goes dark.
- And the press also ran
with the domestic incident.
I think we have Chief Deputy
Reid to thank for that.
- Undercovers are still
sitting on Campos' house.
No one's coming in or out.
- We can set up the deal.
Gloria reaches out.
She tells him
her caution was for nothing,
that it's safe now.
She wants the deal.
I can go under as the security
and keep watch the whole time.
- OK.
Let's get it done.
[tense music]
♪
- Campos will expect you
to have security,
but he won't recognize me.
The team won't move in
until the drugs are secure
and the cash is exchanged.
- I don't need you
to explain it to me.
I've been here before, remember?
- Yes.
- We really trusting
this woman?
- Kevin?
- Yes, sir, Sarge.
We still got eyes.
Campos is on the way to you,
about a block out.
Wait.
Yo, Sarge, we got company.
- Plates?
- King, 9, 4, Frank, 7, 7.
- Running them now.
♪
They're fictitious.
Must be the dope.
- All right, Kev, you and Cook
cover the entrance.
- Copy you.
Don't get too close.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- Chica.
Who is this?
- Security, like yours.
- What happened
to the talkative one?
- I let him go.
- Good.
Come on.
Go ahead.
- Have him check the cash.
♪
- We're good.
- It's good.
♪
- Guys,
Gloria just got in the van.
- What's she doing?
♪
- Wait, hold up.
Do you have the keys?
Gloria, you all right?
What?
- Gun!
[dramatic music]
- [gasps]
Get down!
[gunshots]
- Police!
[tires screech]
♪
[tires squealing]
- Get out of the car!
[gunshot]
Get out of the car now!
Get out of the car,
nice and slow.
[gunfire]
♪
- Hey!
- Hey, hey!
- Drop it!
Hey, down!
Put it down!
- Don't move.
- Hold me down.
I'll recover the weapon.
- I got you.
- Clear that van!
♪
- Clear!
- 5021, shots fired.
Offender down.
- [groans]
- Copy, 5021.
Backup en route.
- Gloria. Gloria.
Huh? Hey.
Hey, what's up,
what's up, what's up?
Were you hit?
- I don't know.
- OK, hold on, hold on,
hold on, hold on.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Let me see, let me see.
Hold on.
Oh.
- [labored breathing]
- I need an ambulance
right now, please.
OK, OK.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no. No, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Gloria, look at me.
Look at me, look at me,
look at me.
You're OK, OK?
I need an ambulance.
- 5021, emergency.
Roll an ambo to 59th--
- What can I do?
- I don't--
I don't know what to do.
There's no exit wound.
- Ambo en route.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
It's OK, it's OK.
No, no. Look at me.
Look at me in the eye.
It's OK. It's OK. I got you.
- Something was wrong.
- Stay with me. No.
- It was wrong.
- Hold up.
- It was--
- We're OK.
You're gonna be fine, OK?
I got you, OK?
No, no, no.
I got you, I got you.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know--
[somber music]
What, what, what, what, what?
♪
- We're the same.
- OK, OK.
Just breathe.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, Gloria.
No, no, no, no, no.
Just breathe. Just breathe.
Breathe, breathe,
breathe, breathe, breathe.
Please, God.
God, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, God. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for--
please forgive me.
Forgive me.
Please let me fix this, God.
Please let me fix this.
Stay with me.
Stay with me, please.
Please.
Stay, stay, stay, stay.
Just stay.
♪
- There he is.
I hope you don't mind.
I figured I'd work
while I waited for you
to get back.
- And why are you
waiting for me?
- For an update.
- Mm.
There was only one crate
of heroin
in that van at the deal.
- Your informant betrayed you?
- No.
We believe
that Campos lost trust in her
when she terminated
the last buy.
So he set her up--
take her cash, execute her.
- Hmm.
- The GPS led us
to the rest of the dope.
150 kilos.
- 150 kilos seized,
a million recovered,
four cartel affiliates dead.
It's a hell of a night.
- Yeah.
And all of that
will be in my report.
Why are you here?
- Because Officer Torres had
an illegal sexual relationship
with his CI.
[tense music]
Detective Burgess knew
and was complicit,
and your team spent
the past two days
attempting to cover
the whole thing up.
♪
You have nothing to say,
Sergeant?
- I'd rather you tell me
why IAD isn't here
to arrest Officer Torres,
Detective Burgess, me.
We both know they could, so...
♪
I repeat,
why are you here?
♪
- I'd like to use
the info differently.
- OK.
How's that?
- I'd like you and I
to be friends.
[ominous music]
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]